hello YouTube Android apps here
called you stream
that's there and also show
even viewers well afterwards so anyway
you see it load up then when you first
open it up you're gonna have to sign in
I marry sign in what well it's
connecting now this is over 3g
connection let me remind you so it's
going to bring you to this where you can
actually record do you want to send your
location known so i'll show you some
setting options before i go live you can
pick the quality high low you can hook
it up with twitter that way whatever you
are post a video it will tweet that you
are streaming live and then missing and
then you can also hit goal line and it
will bring you to the live web page you
can send out a pole that's pretty cool
you can mute yourself and you can also
share with twitter well I don't have to
Twitter logged on so I'll take it to the
computer right now I'm thinking okay
maybe we won't go to the computer but
i'll just show you on my phone from the
computer it's still alive
as you can see on my computer so I like
at three second delay it's not that bad
compared to a quick application right
now I'm charcoal in my phone around my
room I see they just got cut up cut out
there a little bit so this application
is pretty cool if you're traveling and
you want your family to see exactly what
you're doing maybe a little bit of a
delay that's all right it's generally
pretty fast over the 3g connection I
don't know if you could hear or see that
good but it had like a three second
delay and right now I'm still streaming
live I would recommend that you have an
unlimited internet plan or if you have
Wi-Fi connection use that but 3g isn't
that bad imagine the edge would be
pretty bad so check check out Ustream
live now I'm going to show you what you
could watch it one minute wait so this
is the ustream viewer application and
say for example you know somebody that's
broadcasting live you just search their
name using the keyboard on your phone
but let me just take a video here live
goals this over 3g connection x never
at the home bub accident oh all right so
just click the AL box buffering gets
kind of load up a little bit
and you can make your own comments and
stuff well um hey you can also turn the
chat off what the hell's on so now all
right so I just basic look at the
ustream viewer and broadcaster thank you
for watching